Update documentation. Add organization section (#4080)
openvinotoolkit/cvat: site/content/en/docs/manual/basics/task-details.md

     By clicking `Copy` you will copy the labels to the clipboard.
  5. Assigned to — is used to assign a task to a person. Start typing an assignee’s name and/or
     choose the right person out of the dropdown list.
     In the list of users, you will only see the users of the [organization](/docs/manual/advanced/organization/)

>      in which the task was created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     where the task is created.
```

- `Jobs` — is a list of all jobs for a particular task. Here you can find the next data:
  - Jobs name with a hyperlink to it.
  - Frames — the frame interval.
  - A stage of the job. The stage is specified by a drop-down list.

>     There are three stage: `annotation`, `validation` or `acceptance`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    There are three stages: `annotation`, `validation` or `acceptance`.
```

>     The stage of the job is changes the progress bar of the task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This value affects the task progress bar.
```

>   - A state of the job. The status is specified by the user in the menu inside the job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A state of the job. The state can be changed by an assigned user in the menu inside the job.
```

>     There are four types of state: `new`, `in progress`, `rejected`, `completed`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    There are several possible states: `new`, `in progress`, `rejected`, `completed`.
```
